README.md, before:

# Punch Block

- made for [Furry Game Jam #1](https://itch.io/jam/furries)
- theme: **BLOCKED**
- [source code](https://github.com/higodoragon/punch_block)

this is a game where u play as furry guy and u block other furry guys

## credit

| who                                                                                                     | what                                    |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| higodoragon, [https://higodoragon.itch.io/](https://higodoragon.itch.io/)                               | programming, art, 3d modelling          |
| tetrisk                                                                                                 | level design                            |
| Hawk Loewen, hawksmusic                                                                                 | sound design, sound effects             |
| rabbit, [hare.itch.io](hare.itch.io)                                                                    | programming, level design, 3d modelling |
| dateddelvings, [https://www.youtube.com/@dateddelvings1695](https://www.youtube.com/@dateddelvings1695) | music                                   |

### assets

- https://opengameart.org/content/free-urban-textures-buildings-apartments-shop-fronts
- https://opengameart.org/content/urban-jungle

## tools

| tool                                                | purpose                        |
| --------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------ |
| Godot 4.4                                           | game engine                    |
| TrenchBroom                                         | level design                   |
| Blender 4.4                                         | view model (first person arms) |
| Aseprite                                            | sprites                        |
| "Neundo, soundminer, RX7, and a variety of plugins" | sound effects                  |
| Logic Pro X                                         | music                          |

Commit message:

add simple content warning to readme

README.md, after:

## ⚠ content warnings for: cartoonish pixelated blood, gore, and violence ⚠

# Punch Block

- made for [Furry Game Jam #1](https://itch.io/jam/furries)
- theme: **BLOCKED**
- [source code](https://github.com/higodoragon/punch_block)

this is a game where u play as furry guy and u block other furry guys

## credit

| who                                                                                                     | what                                    |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| higodoragon, [https://higodoragon.itch.io/](https://higodoragon.itch.io/)                               | programming, art, 3d modelling          |
| tetrisk                                                                                                 | level design                            |
| Hawk Loewen, hawksmusic                                                                                 | sound design, sound effects             |
| rabbit, [hare.itch.io](hare.itch.io)                                                                    | programming, level design, 3d modelling |
| dateddelvings, [https://www.youtube.com/@dateddelvings1695](https://www.youtube.com/@dateddelvings1695) | music                                   |

### assets

- https://opengameart.org/content/free-urban-textures-buildings-apartments-shop-fronts
- https://opengameart.org/content/urban-jungle

## tools

| tool                                                | purpose                        |
| --------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------ |
| Godot 4.4                                           | game engine                    |
| TrenchBroom                                         | level design                   |
| Blender 4.4                                         | view model (first person arms) |
| Aseprite                                            | sprites                        |
| "Neundo, soundminer, RX7, and a variety of plugins" | sound effects                  |
| Logic Pro X                                         | music                          |
